So here's the calculate built on Java file which we have created inside the package electricity importing
the necessary packages.
Now we have defined the class calculate by extending the frame and implementing implementing the action
listener interface.
There are the five labels element L two, L three and l51 text field as d one and the choice instance
as even c two.
Then the two buttons are there B1, B2 and a panel, which is a p.
So inside the calculate build constructor.
We have defined the new panel as a new panel into the piece, setting the layout for the panel as well,
and background color of the panel.
Then we have initialize the label one as the name of current calculate electricity bill, setting the
bound for that label.
The second label as meter number setting the bound for that label.
Now the label six is as name setting the bound for the label six label seven as address setting the
bound for label seven and for the label three as unit consumed, setting the bound for the consumer
label five as month, setting the bound for the month.
And then there is a choice seven setting the bound for the choice.
Inside the choice we have created the connection drive, lock and four.
Inside that we have initialize the connection with our icon class.
Executing the query for select extract from customers will retrieve all the details of the customer,
and while it reiterates over the rows of the customer table in our database, it will add choices by
retrieving the meter number, so it will add the meter to the choice.
So even inside the choices, the meter of all the customers will be added.
Otherwise, if any exceptions occurs, then it will throw the exception using the catch block.
Now inside label, there is one variable label, and in this label we have set the bound for the label,
adding that label to the panel.
Then in the next label we have set the bound for the label and also added that to the panel.
Again, inside the try block we have initialized and called our connection class to establish the connection
with the database and results that we have executed.
The query from select aspect from customer where the meter number.
So this will retrieve the meter number from similar selected item.
So for the particular meter number which we will select from the selected choice for that meter number,
it will retrieve the record of that customer.
So for that records.
It will in the panel l label l11 it will store the name and it panel ll2 it will restore the address
of the Retrieved metal number.
Otherwise, if any exception occurs, then it will throw the exception using the catch block now seven
dot add item listener.
So in C when we have adding the item listener a listener bypassing its object and.
Public void items that change when an item is changed.
An item event.
We have passed this argument inside the try block.
We have initialized the connection.
Similarly, we have executed the query customer where the number is even selected item for the next.
We have added the string name and address onto that.
If any exception occurred, then we'll handle by the catch block.
Now in the new text field, 31 is a new text field we have set down for the T one and here is the C
two new choice which is for the month and the key to set the bound for the C2 and we have added all
the months in the set.
After that, there is a button named as summit setting the bound for the buttons.
We have set the bound for the B1 for the B2 named as cancel.
Set the bound for the B2.
There is a B1 and B2.
We have set colors for the B1, B2 background and foreground colors.
Then there is an image icon.
Which we have added into the L4.
Then we have set the font for the L1 and its alignment of L1.
Then we have added all the remaining labels choices.
Buttons and fields to our panel, setting the layout for the window by using model layout panel to the
center and label full to the best.
The label for is containing the image, so that will be aligned to the left of the panel.
Adding action listener to the buttons and setting the background of the window as white, setting the
size and the location of the window.
After that, there is an action performed method defined.
If the.
Event performed on the button.
Be one, then it will.
Store the meter number.
By selected items from the choice fun store units from the Demon Text Field get text store months from
the see to selected item.
Now it will calculate unit consumed and the percent units so you as units in a string format so it will
convert a typecast the string into the integer and store it into the variable units consumed.
Now we have initialize the total base equals to zero and now inside the drive log we have initialize
the connection again with the database by using our icon class.
Executing the query from select from tags.
We need to retrieve information from the tags to add those taxes in our build.
So over the rows for that access we will.
While our next total build is equal to units consumed, which we have entered taken from the text field
and can typecast it into integer unit consumes will be multiplied by the existing cost per unit, so
the cost per unit will be converted into typecast and into integer and multiplied with the unit consumed.
For example, if the 120 units are consumed by the customer and there are nine cost per unit, so that
will be multiplied again, the total will be added with the meter rent charge, service charge, service,
tax charge, such access charge and fixed tax.
So these are taxes will be involved in the total bill and the total will be calculated.
Then there is a string cue in which we have to add those values into our build table of the database.
So for that, we have created the query here using a string variable Q insert into values past that
necessary fields and the default status has not paid.
When it is paid, then we will change it to the paid.
Now try connection we have initialize connection again executed the string query Q shows that customer
build updated successfully and after that dialog box we have set the visibility of the current window.
Calculate window as follows If an exception occurred, then it will be handled by the catch block.
Now, if the event is performed by the B-2, then it will simply close the.
Calculate inside the main function, we have a calculator created to calculate, build, instance and
set the visibility for the window as true.
Now move to the update information.
Class.
It is also defined inside the package electricity.
Importing the necessary packages and defining the class with the text will 2233, 345, 36 and 37 labels
ll1l l1 l2 and buttons b1, b2 and a string meter update information is string meter passed, the argument
is meter.
So that will be an argument for the constructor.
And after that we have set bound for the window layout as null content, background as white and its
title as update customer information setting the bound for the title that is a label and title font,
family font type and font size.
Adding the title to the panel window J Label L1 Another label name bound for the label, adding that
label another label that's setting the bound for the label and adding that label label L2.
That is a meta number, setting the bound for it and adding it.
Then there is another label la 2l12, one, two setting the bound for that and adding that to the window.
Then the other label address setting the bound for that, adding it.
Similarly, there is a text field setting the bound for the text field and inadequate.
There is a city setting the bound for it and adding it.
So these are the fields which we can update, which can be updated.
So now there is a text field.
Data setting the bound for it, adding that data to the window label five has state similarly another
text field.
What is a state email list back to test field for email phone number respective test field for phone
number and button update its background color is black foreground color is white bounds setting the
bound, adding Excel and adding that button.
Similarly, for the B2, that is a back button doing the same things as B1.
Use for the back operation and adding that button to the window inside the ignition.
We have called the connection to connect from the database.
Select extract from customer may meet an invisible meter so it will select the details of the customer
where the meter number will be the meter value of the meter.
And next iterate over the rules of the customer and retrieve the information from the column sides.
One, two, three, four.
That will be set into the labels.
One, two, l one, one, one, two and text 50 122 345 as respectively now catch it will catch block
will catch the exceptions image icon will be set with using another label l eight setting the bound
for the label, adding that label to the window.
No action performed inside.
If the event is performed by using the beyond button, then we will.
Store.
The text into our respective string as well as two as three as four as six of the values from the l11
11 to 2233 T 45 inside the tribal tribe block we have our connection.
We will execute update, query, update, customer, set address and we will set update by with the
using the respective string values passing to the.
Our query.
So this will show our details updated successfully and we will make the visibility of this window as
false.
After that catch exception will end the exception if the source is one way to that will be back button.
So this will simply make the visibility of this window as false inside the void main.
So we have updated the information and made call the instance of update information and set the visibility
for this to.